I have proof that I am Song Zhaozhao's father
Here it is.
Oops, stop struggling.
Someone paid me to give you chopsticks.
I get a lot of these.
Don't worry, you will be satisfied in a while.
Hey, hey, sir.
Dare to step on my foot
Stop for me
I lost consciousness after entering the room that day
Did you still not escape his clutches?
This
Mommy
This road is really my father
Why is he so different from the daddy I imagined?
What did my daddy say?
He is also as handsome as New Daddy
Mommy will explain to you when I go back, okay?
Let's ignore him and go
This melon is too big
come
Recruit, can you take your sister up first?
Okay, Mommy, call me if you need anything
Well, be good, go ahead.
Tell me what the hell do you want to do?
You dare to ask me?
You quietly gave birth to me and covered my hand
But of course the kid is following my dad
Zhao Zhao is my child
Don't even think about it.
No.
Is that okay?
So many years have passed
You are still so beautiful.
Well, sleep with me again, you dream